Mark deprecated all mentions of authmanager and webconfig (#199)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/acra-in-depth/authentication/_index.md

## Privileged operations

{{< hint warning >}}

> It is deprecated and will not be available after 0.90.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AcraWebConfig tool is deprecated and will not be available since 0.91.0.
```
